in the relatively clear waters of bull
shoals and Table Rock lakes fish can be
found in a variety of water depths so
depending on the time of year you'll
want to make sure not to concentrate all
your efforts along the banks the only
time they're really heavy on the backs
here is in the springtime and then
occasionally in the fall a few fish will
move back in on the banks again when the
weather cools often but the rest of the
year the biggest part of the fish in
this lake turn on the banks so people
have a misconception they come here and
they see a beautiful the timbered bank
they think they can catch bass off of it
and really most of the year you can't do
that you've got to back out on the
points and use your electronics find the
bait fish and fish the techniques that
it takes to catch them out in the deeper
water I think that the hardest part
about fishing these Lakes is the clarity
of the water the clear of water is no
matter where you're fishing the harder
the fish are to catch people just have a
natural tendency to want to fish a
shoreline and really on these Clearwater
Ozark streams a lot of times you have to
get away from the back to catch fish and
usually once you find the depth of the
fish are in they'll be in that area
throughout the lake you know if they're
in 30 feet of water they're going to be
in 30 feet of water in the majority of
the late so once they find where they
start getting a few bites they can just
repeat that process on different points
so that kind of makes the lake fish a
little smaller for you because you come
out here and you're looking at all this
water there's 45,000 acres of water out
here it's intimidating for a lot of
people if you just do a little bit of
homework before you come out here you
can really you know narrow it down to
where you need to fish so we fish a lot
of deep water we fish a lot of trees
that are way under water a lot of points
that go way out like we're doing right
here we're fishing 35 foot deep we're
probably I don't know three or four
hundred yards off the bang here comes a
fish right there there's about five of
them there now
they're just surrounding my baby
there he is okay
coming up fast that's a nice fish right
there why that's a that's the sound I
love right there taking line what's a
nice potted bass right there nice
come here oh that's a nice oh that's
best that's a nice fish come here
sweetheart look at me now look up pretty
that fish is Bluffs with and without
standing timber are also productive
areas also be on the lookout for bath
surfacing and feeding on Chad this is
one of the things I would tell people
that come down here to look for that are
new to the area is the bluffs where they
paid into shallow water like this we're
sitting in 32 foot of water a half a
cash from the bank and we get up here is
going to this just shadows right out I
would just stay on this Ridge and take
it out in the middle slowly and just
fish this Ridge at all the way out and
around that's where the fish they stay
out in the deeper water for to hide and
stuff and then they come upon the flats
and feed as the shed come over they've
got everything they need right in here
if you don't like fishing be there's
guys like that I'm wanna leap refer
fishing seller then you had to learn how
to overcome the Clearwater when does
your biggest friend and in clear water
lakes if you want to fish shallow I want
to fish in the wind I had tend to bring
the fish up it tends to make them less
of tentative about hitting our officials
in that clear water so that's one
approach the other approach is actually
to run and find the little bit of
off-color water that might exist even in
these clear water lakes like both shows
or table rock and that's usually a
tributary